hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie alita
battle angel 2019 it is told at the
start of the film
this time is after 300 years of the
world war
it means a world war broke out before
300 years
which causes the devastation of the
whole world a spaceship is shown there
which was populated by the people of
whole world
and the people on that spacecraft used
to dump their garbage on earth
one day a scientist finds a robot in
that garbage
it was not an ordinary robot but such a
robot which is half human and half
machine
that scientist brings that robot to his
house lifting it
and he repairs that robot perfectly he
fixes a new body with it
next day that robot wakes up which was a
female
and it was excited getting a new body
then that female robot asks scientist
who am i how have i come here from where
have i come
the scientist himself is unaware is
where she has come from
so doctor does not tell it anything but
doctor just tells it
your half body had been damaged when we
got you in the garbage
but your brain was sound afterwards we
mended your body
it means that we attached a new human
body with you after this
dr shows at this world that female robot
gets excited
viewing this city and it also glimpses
that spacecraft
she asks the scientist what is it is
this a world
the doctor tells it it was the last
remaining city after world war
and its name is sky city there is a
pleasant life in
sky city everyone wishes to go there
because upper class resides their while
lower class inhabits in our world
then the doctor names that robot he says
your name is alita now on alita
is pleased hearing its name the doctor
also tells
alita all inhabitants of earth serve sky
city because sky city
has many fields industries and factories
after this alita meets a boy named hugo
hugo compliments elita's body seeing it
because its body was robotic which was
strong enough
alida and hugo are befriended nicely
at the same night a girl is murdered in
that city
actually there was a serial killer in
that city who used to kill girls after
grabbing them
afterwards he used to sell their body
parts
at the same night alita witnesses doctor
who was returning to home from somewhere
alida
observes that scientists hands are
blood-stained seeing
it doubts that doctor may be the killer
behind the occurred murders of city
in the following day scientist's wife
appears to meet him because they were
divorced
here it is revealed that the adjusted
human body with alita
in fact it is the body of his daughter
his daughter was no more so it donated
her body to alita
after that hugo invites alida
to join him in the game and this game
was well known game of the city
alida fascinates others while playing
this game perfectly
alida also wins that game hugo
takes alida at his best loved place
later
it was the roof of a building where the
site of whole city could be viewed
and sky city was also looking nearer
from here
there is also a biggest pipe hugo tells
that
all objects come on the earth from sky
city
through this pipe i am struggling hard
to go to the
sky city remember ci will surely reach
there
alida asks how does this sky
city look hugo says to it
in fact doctor had discovered you from
the garbage
and that garbage was of that sky city it
means that you have come from
sky city but alida did not possess a
little memory about it
and she had forgotten her past actually
she had lost her memory next day doctor
goes out of the house
and alita chases him here
alita comes to know that doctor is not a
killer
but he is rather a hunter warrior hunter
warriors
are those who end the criminals then
dead bodies of the killers are taken to
the factory later
a heavy reward is received in the place
of them here
alita knows about the reality of the
doctor
at the same time the serial killer
approaches there
he was the same killer who was ending
the girls living in the city
then alita bravely confronts that killer
it beats enough which compels him to
flee while
alida succeeds to kill the other killer
then doctor and
alita move to the factory taking that
killer's head
where they get the reward of 20 in place
of that head
afterwards doctor reveals his tale to
alita
how did he become hunter warrior and why
did it happen
he tells it is the story of that time
when my wife
daughter and i used to live together one
day they made a robot
and that robot abducted their daughter
coming into their house
after this incident that doctor angered
enough on that robot
and the doctor damaged his own made
robot then the doctor became
hunter warrior right after that then a
man comes on the scene named
vector in fact vector was the head of
the
race game it was vector who used to
arrange this game
doctor's wife can also be seen with
vector
here it is revealed that doctor's wife
is playing a trick accompanying
vector because vector had promised her
that
he will send her to the sky city so the
doctor's wife is also a doctor herself
who also works for
vector then the same robot is shown who
was spoiled by
alita that robot moves to vector
it tells him that alita is the cause
behind my body distortion
vector says ill to the robot commenting
have you come back after being beaten by
a little girl
robot reveals that is not a little girl
but strongest
vector says to the robot now it is your
mission that
you have to bring alita before me after
damaging it
then hugo takes alita to view that race
game
he also tells alida the winner of this
game is sent to
sky city hearing it alita
gets excited then hugo takes
alida to show a ship he tells
it is the ship of the opponents which
belongs to the time 300
years ago that ship fascinates alida
when she casts a glance at it so
alida moves to that ship jumping into
the water
alida also discovers a high
technological body in the ship
alita returns to the doctor taking that
body
says to the doctor fix this body with it
replacing
it means adjust this body with my head
but doctor refuses to carry it out
he tells this body is mighty having
fixed weapons with it
you will become so menacing if this body
will be fixed with you
2. threatening that you will kill the
people and devastate the world
alita becomes aggressive facing this
refusal
afterwards alita moves to the factory
going there it decides that it is also
hunter warrior
now on it goes to a club along with
hugo all hunters of the city were there
and it provokes everyone
that we should eradicate the robot of
vector because it is the same assassin
who has taken the lives of the entire
city
and it is also ending other people one
of the hunters makes
alita a laughing stock he says having a
little size
how will you kill someone and how have
you become a
hunter warrior hearing it alita beats
him while confronting enough
and he has fallen backside witnessing it
all hunters are left shocked
meanwhile vector's robot appears there
which had increased in size now
because doctor's wife had upgraded it
coming there
that robot assaults alida alita
also attacks it in return and that robot
enters a tunnel to save his life
then alita also moves to that
underground place while chasing him
a tough fight is held between both of
them in the end
that robot spoils alita and it
dismembers its body
at the same time hugo and the doctor
arrive there
they beat that robot confronting it and
they burn its body
then that robot flees from there in
order to secure its life
doctor brings elita's damaged body at
home elita's body had fully damaged
having no option that doctor fixes that
body with
alita which he had discovered from the
ship
next morning when alida awakens
it feels comfortable because it had got
a new body it was mighty and equipped
and the fire can also be produced
through that body
getting this new body alita feels
pleasure
in the coming day alita goes to meet
hugo
to show its robotic body observing its
equipped body
hugo likes it and feels good he is also
impressed
here hugo reveals to alita
i want to go to sky city soon
but everyone needs scores to go there
and these scores can be gained after
killing someone or winning the race game
hearing it alita gives its robotic heart
to
hugo pulling it out and it says
take my robotic heart sell it in this
way
you will get some scores then you may go
to
sky city and the robotic heart of alita
is not an ordinary one but it possesses
much power
and that robotic heart is a stronger
that this city may avail the electricity
for many months from this robotic heart
because this robotic heart contains
energetic rays
but hugo forbids to take elita's robotic
heart
he says i don't need it you may keep it
safe in your possession
because your robotic heart is very
necessary he says
you should take part in race game
because i am sure that you may win the
race
we both will move to the sky city if you
win the game
hearing it alita immediately consents
and she gets ready to take part in the
game and she wanted to carry it out for
hugo because of her affections for him
afterwards
vector arrives on the scene who hires
the hunters and killers to end
alita he says to everyone in case you
kill
alita in race then i will give you 5
million scores
which is basic to go to sky city then
that hunter is seen
who had been beaten in the club by alita
and he wanted to take revenge from
alita on his humiliation now he was
going to take this revenge from
hugo ending a man he alleges hugo
now hugo was under the allegation to end
someone
so he had become criminal on the other
hand alita
appears who had taken a part in race
which was going to start
all killers in the race become opponents
of alita
so they assault alita but alita
was also equal to them so she continues
to kill them
confronting them one by one then alita
receives the call of hugo he tells that
hunter has become my opponent
and he wants to end my life then alita
goes to rescue hugo leaving that race
reaching there alida beats the hunter
violently
while it is revealed in the whole city
that hugo has become a criminal
he was also wanted as the capturer will
get 30 dollars as a reward
then the city police arrive there to end
hugo
because everyone was agreed on this
point of view that
hugo is a criminal so it is essential to
end him
so all sata alita put hugo
into death but alita does not kill him
but the hunter ends hugo attacking with
a sword
and hugo is taking his last breaths here
at first sight hugo is finished then
doctor's wife comes there who says to
alita
cut hugo's head because we will adjust a
body with his head
and we will make him a robot because
doctor's wife had turned into a
gentlelady
now and she wanted to do it so that hugo
may revive again and alita
does hear the same dissecting hugo's
head
she brings it before everyone later it
takes hugo's head to the doctor
where doctor fixes another body with
hugo's head after his operation
as a result hugo is revived again
hugo and alita get excited because
hugo had the robotic body now like alita
dr informs alita that vector
cheats everyone because he says after
deceiving that i will send you to
sky city while giving amount of money
even no human goes to
sky city paying the amount of money and
no one can go to
sky city but only the inhabitants of sky
city
can go there and also inhabit there and
the winner of race can go to the
sky city from this world otherwise
no can visit there doctor also tells
alita my wife and i had born in the sky
city and we had arrived here for the
treatment of our daughter
after that they entrapped here hearing
it alita
gets angry and she leaves to kill vector
alita directly moves to the factory and
she is attacked by the machines of
vector but alida has a mighty and a
robotic body now
so alita was continuously killing
everyone one by one
damaging all machines and robots alita
goes to
vector to end him but the robot of
vector appears there it wounds alita
while attacking it and she falls down
then
alita restores her memory relevant to
the past
as its memory is retained which had been
lost alita
remembers that she had been a warrior
and also took part in that world war
which had held about 300 years ago but
elita's all friends and companions met
their end in that war
but alida was also thrown into the
garbage
wounding her badly here alita
restores its memory thinking that this
has been done by the owner of
sky city and he had also ended all the
companions of alita
here alita remembers my mission is to
slay the owner
of sky city remembering these fact
alita becomes sentimental that it lost
all its companions and it is also
becomes aggressive
then that robot attacks alita and
alita dismembers that robot attacking
with its sword
at the same time alita also attacks
vector using its sword and
vector is dead at the spot receiving
doctor's call
alita comes to know that hugo is moving
to
sky city climbing up those pipes
then alita also moves up while chasing
him
it instructs him you need not to go to
the sky
city because there is nothing upside
we will lead our lives living in this
world
hearing alida hugo agrees
but the owner of the sky city was
witnessing it from upside
so he attacks them with his weapon
consequently
hugo's whole body is dismembered at the
same time
alita holds his hand but alida
loses the grip of hugo accidentally
s so he falls down from a great distance
losing hugo alita is much grieved
and she starts weeping now alita
decides that going to sky city
it will end the owner of that city
because it desired vengeance for hugo's
death
it is seen that alida has also won that
race
and it points its sword upside to the
sky city
and it says to the owner of sky city i
am coming to kill and avenge you
behold i will make you worst and not
leave you alive
and the movie also completes on this
scene thanks for watching
like comment and subscribe don't forget
to hit the bell icon